In this video, we are going to learn how to
install python, paramiko, and Django in our
computer.
I will use windows in here, if you all use
mac or linux, I think, the installation process
will be much easier.
Okay.
To download python, you can go to python.org/download.
Here we can download the latest version, in
this case the latest version is version 3.7.2,
or if you want to download another version,
you can go to all releases then here we can
see all versions so we can download the version
that we want.
but in this course, We will use the latest
version, which is version 3.7.2.
now let’s download the python version 3.7.2
...
If the download is complete.
you can just open the python installer, when
we click the Python installer, we will get
display like this.
I recommend you to check "Add python 3.7 to
path".
Then click install now, yes ... then the installation
process will take place.
We just need to wait until the installation
process is complete.
The installation process is complete.
To ensure that Python is installed on our
computer, we can open a command prompt, then
type python --version.
Here we can see that we have python version
3.7.2.
This is means that we have successfully installed
Python on our computer.
Next we will learn how to install paramiko.
If you don't know about paramiko yet, you
can see the paramiko documentation at paramiko.org.
here we can see that paramiko is a python
library, it supports python version 2.7 or
3.4 and above, the goal of paramiko is to
be able to implement ssh version 2, both as
a client and as a server.
On this course, we will use paramiko as a
ssh client, the paramiko will act as a library
that will do SSH to Cisco routers and mikrotik
routers.
Okay let’s install paramiko, open a command
prompt, then type pip install paramiko.
Wait until the installation process is complete.
Here we can see a warning that we are using
pip version 18.1, while for now, pip already
has version 19.0.3, so we are recommended
to upgrade pip.
Okay we have finished installing paramiko
and upgrading pip, to prove that paramiko
has been installed correctly on our computer,
we can enter the python interpreter by typing
python, then here we can try to import paramiko.
Okay here we don't get an error, meaning the
paramiko has been successfully installed on
our computer.
We can exit from this python interpreter by
typing exit.
Next we will learn how to install Django.
If you don't know about Django yet, you can
see the Django documentation in djangproject.com,
... here we can see that Django is a python
web framework, so we can use Django to build
a website with python.
Okay, let's install Django, it's similar to
how to install paramiko, we only need to open
the command prompt and type pip install Django.
To prove that Django is installed properly
or not, we can enter the Python interpreter,
then type import django.
Okay here we also don't get an error, meaning
that Django is successfully installed on our
computer.
Now, we have successfully installed python,
paramiko and Django on our computer.
Thankyou for watching, and See you on the
next video.